## Why do you think Focus Bear was created?
Focus Bear was created as a productivity app specialised for neurodivergent folks (ADHD, etc). As the founder and the team also have ADHD, they built this app to improve their personal experience as well as make changes to other neurodivergent people. 
## What problem is Focus Bear solving?
Focus Bear is developed to assist ADHD people in building healthy habits, having a structured routine, boosting productivity and improving their overal well-being.
## Why do you think this mission is important?
This mission is important as it's making positive impact on neurospicy folks. Many ADHD people struggling to achieve their best because of their disorder. However, standard productivity apps don't seem to be designed specifically for people with ADHD. With a great empathy, the Focus Bear team wants to develop an app that actually necessary and effectively improve users' lives. 
## How does Focus Bear’s work align with your personal values or interests?
Focus Bear's work align well with my personal interests as I'm passionate in helping others. I always hope my contribution can improve some people's lives and well-being. Going through the Focus Bear app, I realise that this app would also be useful to me as I want to build healthier habits, stay disciplined and have a work-life balance. Some of my friends are also diagnosed with ADHD. I've seen them struggle to stay focus and prevent themselves from having an anxiety attack. Therefore, getting involved in this project means a lot to me as the product might be able to help not only my friends but also many neurodivergent people out there.
## Do you personally relate to any of the challenges that Focus Bear aims to solve?
Yes, I can relate to many of the challenges that Focus Bear is working towards on. I'm easily distracted by many apps on the phone (games, social media apps, etc). That's why it'd be really helpful to have those apps blocked when I need to focus. The feature of having morning and evening routine also resonate to my personal goal as I want to stop checking my phone first thing in the morning or before sleep, which will result in an unproductive day. 